Add documentation for acquireTokenInteractive in msal-node (#7887)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/request.md

## Authorization Code Flow

### acquireTokenInteractive

> [acquireTokenInteractive()](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/classes/_azure_msal_node.PublicClientApplication.html#acquireTokenInteractive): This API handles both legs of the authorization code flow. It is available for PublicClientApplication only. The request type is documented here: [InteractiveRequest](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/types/_azure_msal_node.InteractiveRequest.html). The only required parameter is a `openBrowser` callback which should accept a `url` parameter and open the browser of choice to complete the sign-in. A sample demonstrating it's usage can be found [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples/msal-node-samples/auth-code-cli-app)

Author: ```suggestion
[acquireTokenInteractive()](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/classes/_azure_msal_node.PublicClientApplication.html#acquireTokenInteractive): This API handles both legs of the authorization code flow. It is available for PublicClientApplication only. The request type is documented here: [InteractiveRequest](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/types/_azure_msal_node.InteractiveRequest.html). The only required parameter is a `openBrowser` callback which should accept a `url` parameter and open the browser of choice to complete the sign-in. A sample demonstrating its usage can be found [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples/msal-node-samples/auth-code-cli-app)
```

```javascript
import { PublicClientApplication }  from "@azure/msal-node";
import open from "open";

// Open browser to sign user in and consent to scopes needed for application
const openBrowser = async (url) => {
    // You can open a browser window with any library or method you wish to use - the 'open' npm package is used here for demonstration purposes.
    open(url);
};

const loginRequest = {
    scopes: ["User.Read"],
    openBrowser,
    successTemplate: "Successfully signed in! You can close this window now." // Will be shown in the browser window after authentication is complete
};

// Create msal application object
const pca = new PublicClientApplication({
    auth: { 
        clientId: "<your clientId here>"
        }
});
pca.acquireTokenInteractive(loginRequest).then((response) => {
        // Do something with the token e.g. call an API
        callAPI(response.accessToken)
    })
    .catch((error) => {
        console.log(error);
    });

```

## getAuthCodeUrl

> [getAuthCodeUrl()](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/msal-node/classes/_src_client_publicclientapplication_.publicclientapplication.html#getauthcodeurl): This API performs the first leg of the authorization code flow. The request is of the type [AuthorizationUrlRequest](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/msal-common/modules/_src_request_authorizationurlrequest_.html).

Author: ```suggestion
[getAuthCodeUrl()](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/interfaces/_azure_msal_node.IConfidentialClientApplication.html#getAuthCodeUrl): This API performs the first leg of the authorization code flow. The request is of the type [AuthorizationUrlRequest](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/types/_azure_msal_node.AuthorizationUrlRequest.html).
```

```javascript
const authCodeUrlParameters = {
    scopes: ["sample_scope"],
    redirectUri: "your_redirect_uri",
};

const cca = new ConfidentialClientApplication({
    auth: { 
        clientId: "<your clientId here>"
        }
});

// get url to sign user in and consent to scopes needed for application
cca.getAuthCodeUrl(authCodeUrlParameters)
    .then((url) => {
        // redirect to url
    })
    .catch((error) => console.log(JSON.stringify(error)));
```

## acquireTokenByCode

> [acquireTokenByCode()](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/msal-node/classes/_src_client_publicclientapplication_.publicclientapplication.html#acquiretokenbycode): This API is the second leg of the authorization code flow. The request is of the type [AuthorizationCodeRequest](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/msal-common/modules/_src_request_authorizationcoderequest_.html). The application should have received an `authorization code` as a part of the above step and can now exchange it for a `token`. Note that if authorization code flow is being done for a public client application, we recommend using `acquireTokenInteractive` documented above, otherwise the use of [PKCE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) is recommended.

Author: ```suggestion
[acquireTokenByCode()](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/interfaces/_azure_msal_node.IConfidentialClientApplication.html#acquireTokenByCode): This API is the second leg of the authorization code flow. The request is of the type [AuthorizationCodeRequest](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/types/_azure_msal_node.AuthorizationCodeRequest.html). The application should have received an `authorization code` as a part of the above step and can now exchange it for a `token`. Note that if authorization code flow is being done for a public client application, we recommend using `acquireTokenInteractive` documented above, otherwise the use of [PKCE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) is recommended.
```
